Group Project Milestone 5
Team: Tech Buzzwords
Group Members: Dylan Fox, Julio Lopez, Eric Oropezaelwood, Erin “Jade” Wibbels, Yun Ting Chen, Munkhbayan Togtokh

User Acceptance Tests:

1. A user should be able to login using the login screen. If a user does not have an account, a user should be able to create an account. A user will know that they can login if they are redirected to the homepage after clicking submit after entering their password and login info. A user will know if they can make an account if they are successfully redirected to the home page after submitting new information to the create account page. If a user submits login information that is already in use to the create a account page, the user should be redirected to the home page and no errors should be displayed.

2. A user should be able to view a homepage populated with a list of CU Computer Science classes. A user should be able to click on the class buttons and be redirected to a page in which they can view scheduled study groups for their class. A user will know if this works by  clicking on the buttons and verifying that they are redirected to a page with study groups on it.

3. A user should be able to view a calendar with study groups on it after logging and clicking on a class. A user will know this works if a calendar auto-populates with the current month and the times of scheduled study groups for the correct class after they click on a class button on the homepage.

Automated Testing:
Tool used – Mocha and Chai for node.js https://mochajs.org/
To use: npm install –save -dev mocha
	npm install –save -dev chai
the package.json file needs to be updated with 
"scripts": {
    "test": "mocha"
  },
Then you can run the tests located in the test.js file by simply typing npm test from the root directory. 
We wrote tests for our mysql queries with 3 cases expected to pass and 1 case expected to fail.

Our test.js file is located: https://github.com/JadeWibbels/3308-Tech-BuzzWords/tree/master/Cinder%20files-code/test

 

All test cases passed as expected. 
